ChildWatch Quality Assurance

Date:           4/21/2018
Reviewed By:    Christian Ore

#Reports

1) Paging needs more "clickable" interface buttons.  They are not intuitive for the user.

Interval Report

1) Adjust JavaScript to not move end time if it is larger than the start time.
2) Create an option for All, loop through each report and build one larger datatable for the information.
3) Need to create a daily totals stored procedure.
4) Need to adjust column headers
5) Need to format data.
6) Remove the id field, this is not needed for the user.

Member Report
1) Need to apply proper casioong to member names
2) Remove pin from data returned.
3) Apply formatting to phone number.
4) Adjust column headers to be more user friendly names.

Daily totals
1) Need to implement the daily total report.  Should be called r_daily in SQL.
2) Require a start date, end date, and a location.

#Validation
1) Need to adjust validation to be user friendly message. 
    Example: "The field Band# must match the regular expression '\d{4}'.  
        Users may not fully understand what this means.

#Administration

Register Employee
1) Password & Confirm Password need to be hidden with asterisks.
2) Submitting empty form breaks, need to validate user input to be there and correct format.
    "Procedure or function 'p_employee_insert' expects parameter '@firstname', which was not supplied."


Change Password
1) Need to hide password and confirm password fields
2) Change unlock to reset password title

Update Employee Information
1) Updates names to only be the first letter of each name.
2) Doesn't change their admin rights or status

#Member Signin
1) Need validation for no person found.
2) Need validation for failure.
3) Need to check for existing signin and return that message.
4) Title of header is off center and should be adjusted.
5) Remove copy right logo.

#Member Registration
Register
1) Add a jumbotron for the name of the page
2) Change the fieldset to information
AddChild
1) Add a jumbotron for the name of the page
2) Change the fieldset to information

#Help Guide
1) Guide should have more step by step instructions with readable images.
2) If required, images should be annoted with arrows directing users to the focus on the screen.
3) Images need captions describing what they are with figure numbers. 
4) A glossary needs to be in the end with the figure and caption for each for easy reference.
5) There should be a trouble shooting section before then end for anything we can't fully fix but have a work around for.
6) The help guide should also have an installation guide for setting up.
    1) SQL Express
    2) Building the Database
    3) Setting Permissions
    4) Loading the web application
    5) Installing IIS 
    6) Configuring the share folder 

#Considerations

We may need to contemplate adding a member/child look up that shows the children attached to the member.
This feature would allow them some way of seeing who is attached to who.

Logo should reroute the the home page as a link.